Add scan file body endpoint (#79)
element-hq/matrix-content-scanner-python: docs/api.md

The request body for this route is the same as for
`POST /_matrix/media_proxy/unstable/download_encrypted`.

### `POST /_matrix/media_proxy/unstable/scan_file`

> Performs a scan on a file body without uploading to Matrix. This request takes a multi-part / form data

Reviewer: just thinking this might be more easily recognisable as a literal content encoding name:

```suggestion
Performs a scan on a file body without uploading to Matrix. This request takes a `multipart/form-data`
```

Reviewer: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Disposition#as_a_header_for_a_multipart_body is probably the best link I can find on MDN that describes how this is encoded. A bit weak but might be better than nothing

body.

> Response format:

Reviewer: this looks like the request format; meanwhile we don't specify the response format except through example (which is obvious enough that it's probably fine, don't get me wrong)

| Parameter | Type | Description                                                        |
|-----------|------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `body`    | [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) | The file body. |

> | `file`    | EncryptedFile as JSON string  | The metadata (decryption key) of an encrypted file. Follows the format of the `EncryptedFile` structure from the [Matrix specification](https://spec.matrix.org/v1.2/client-server-api/#extensions-to-mroommessage-msgtypes). Only required if the file is encrypted. |

Reviewer: unimportant: I kinda find these param names a smidge confusing; why is the file not the file? ;p
